1- install git from https://git-scm.com/downloads
2- open git bash from main menu
3- change username and email 

	git config --global user.name "Your Name"
	-- i named mine "thispc"
	git config --global user.email "youremail@example.com"
	-- i named mine "pencildrawingtalent@gmail.com"
4- cd to the directory you want to work on
5- git clone https://github.com/username/repo.git
6- git status
7- git add the files you want to push or git . to commit all 
8- git commit -m "commit message" 
9- git push origin main
10- this line is to see if after editing and pushing, it will edit the file that is already on github or it will make anew version of the file ... lets see :)
11- git log -------> to see all the commits that were done
12- to escape the log pager type q
13- you can do git log --no-pager
{some tips to do after pushing your work to main

Double-check that your changes have been pushed: Before closing your terminal or Git client, make sure that your changes have been pushed to the remote repository. You can check this by running the command git log to see a list of all the commits you made on the branch, and checking that your latest commit is listed.

Inform your team: If you're working on a team project, it's a good idea to let your team members know that you've pushed changes to the repository. This will help everyone stay on the same page and avoid any conflicts or issues.

Close the issue (if applicable): If you were working on a specific issue or bug fix, make sure to close the issue or mark it as resolved in your issue tracker (such as GitHub Issues or JIRA). This will help your team keep track of the progress of the project and ensure that all tasks are completed.

Pull changes from remote repository: If other team members have pushed changes to the remote repository while you were working, make sure to pull those changes into your local repository before you start working again. You can do this with the command git pull origin [branch name].

Backup your work: It's always a good idea to backup your work periodically to avoid any data loss or corruption. You can do this by creating a copy of your local repository folder and saving it to a secure location, such as an external hard drive or cloud storage service.

}
Hi there, its me Snoor. Thank you for adding this. I am happy to work togethere on this project here the steps what I did to work on Githup
1. I openned my terminal on my PC change the dirctory to where on I want to work: cd directoryname
2. git clone url of repo
3. I open the text file and added these and save
4. Then I checked the status of my repo: git status
5. First, you need to initialize a local Git repository in your project directory using the command "git init".
6. Add the files you want to track in your local Git repository using the command "git add ." (this will add all files in the directory to the staging area).After checking my work was ready to be added I used $git add --all
7. Commit the changes to your local repository using the command "git commit -m 'commit message'".
9. Finally, push the local repository content to the remote repository using the command "git push -u origin <branch name>". The -u option is used to set the upstream branch, which tells Git to remember the remote branch for future pushes.
10. Create a branch on remote repository and then push to that branch
11. This is should be updated time to time
